README.md, before:


# Koala

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Test coverage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
[![Dependency Status][david-image]][david-url]
[![License][license-image]][license-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][downloads-url]
[![Gittip][gittip-image]][gittip-url]

A suite of Koa utilities allowing for quicker bootstrapping,
as well as a consequential guide on how to write apps using the Koa philosophy.
Think of it as a KrakenJS for Koa.

## Philosophy

Koa is a bare minimal framework, focusing on unopinionated core HTTP utilities.
However, this is not sufficient for most apps as a lot is not supported out of the box.
Including a bunch of dependencies in every new app you create quickly becomes annoying.

The goal of Koala is to include the most used and unopinionated parts of apps
into a single framework. Many things such as body parsing, sessions, and CSRF are
included. Many other things, such as routing, is too opinionated and not included.

Unlike other frameworks, Koala will __not dictate how to write business logic__.
Thanks to generators, writing business logic in Koa is much easier than other frameworks,
and Koala's goal is to only make it easier.
Don't expect a single option to automatically do magic for your app.

Feel free to create suggestions!

## Features and Documentation

The Koala framework adds to Koa:

- [Body Parsing](docs/body-parsing.md)
  - Seamless `Expect: 100-continue` support
  - Per-request body limits
  - Supports JSON, urlencoded, and multipart bodies
  - Supports arbitrary strings, buffers, and files as bodies
  - Optional nested parameter support
- [SPDY](docs/spdy.md) - specifically push streams
- [File Serving](docs/file-serving.md) - with SPDY push support
- [Sessions](docs/sessions.md)
  - Cookie-based sessions
  - CSRF protection
- [Polyfills](docs/polyfills.md) - serve polyfill bundles based on the user agent
- [Response Caching](docs/response-caching.md) - cache and serve responses using an arbitrary store
- [JSONP](docs/jsonp.md) - safe jsonp support
- [Security Headers](docs/headers.md)
- [Error Page](docs/error-page.md) - better default error page
- [Tracing](docs/tracing.md)
- [etc](docs/etc.md)
  - Basic auth
  - Object stream support
  - Optional nested query string supported
- [FAQ](docs/faq.md)

`koala(1)` will be a generator, similar to what `express(1)` is.

## Roadmap

Some additional features may include:

- Timeout assertion
- Server-Side Event Streams
- Rate limiting

Let me know if you have any other suggestions.

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/koala
[github-tag]: http://img.shields.io/github/tag/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[github-url]: https://github.com/koajs/koala/tags
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/koajs/koala
[coveralls-image]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/koajs/koala?branch=master
[david-image]: http://img.shields.io/david/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[david-url]: https://david-dm.org/koajs/koala
[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/l/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: LICENSE
[downloads-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[downloads-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/koala
[gittip-image]: https://img.shields.io/gittip/jonathanong.svg?style=flat-square
[gittip-url]: https://www.gittip.com/jonathanong/

Commit message:

add a note that this is alpha software!

README.md, after:


# Koala<sub>&alpha;</sub>

[![NPM version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build status][travis-image]][travis-url]
[![Test coverage][coveralls-image]][coveralls-url]
[![Dependency Status][david-image]][david-url]
[![License][license-image]][license-url]
[![Downloads][downloads-image]][downloads-url]
[![Gittip][gittip-image]][gittip-url]

A suite of Koa utilities allowing for quicker bootstrapping,
as well as a consequential guide on how to write apps using the Koa philosophy.
Think of it as a KrakenJS for Koa.

Beware! Koala is alpha software!

## Philosophy

Koa is a bare minimal framework, focusing on unopinionated core HTTP utilities.
However, this is not sufficient for most apps as a lot is not supported out of the box.
Including a bunch of dependencies in every new app you create quickly becomes annoying.

The goal of Koala is to include the most used and unopinionated parts of apps
into a single framework. Many things such as body parsing, sessions, and CSRF are
included. Many other things, such as routing, is too opinionated and not included.

Unlike other frameworks, Koala will __not dictate how to write business logic__.
Thanks to generators and, eventually, ES7 Async/Await, writing business logic in Koa is much easier than other frameworks,
and Koala's goal is to only make it easier.
Don't expect a single option to automatically do magic for your app.

Feel free to create suggestions!

## Features and Documentation

The Koala framework adds to Koa:

- [Body Parsing](docs/body-parsing.md)
  - Seamless `Expect: 100-continue` support
  - Per-request body limits
  - Supports JSON, urlencoded, and multipart bodies
  - Supports arbitrary strings, buffers, and files as bodies
  - Optional nested parameter support
- [SPDY](docs/spdy.md) - specifically push streams
- [File Serving](docs/file-serving.md) - with SPDY push support
- [Sessions](docs/sessions.md)
  - Cookie-based sessions
  - CSRF protection
- [Polyfills](docs/polyfills.md) - serve polyfill bundles based on the user agent
- [Response Caching](docs/response-caching.md) - cache and serve responses using an arbitrary store
- [JSONP](docs/jsonp.md) - safe jsonp support
- [Security Headers](docs/headers.md)
- [Error Page](docs/error-page.md) - better default error page
- [Tracing](docs/tracing.md)
- [etc](docs/etc.md)
  - Basic auth
  - Object stream support
  - Optional nested query string supported
- [FAQ](docs/faq.md)

`koala(1)` will be a generator, similar to what `express(1)` is.

## Roadmap

Some additional features may include:

- Timeout assertion
- Server-Side Event Streams
- Rate limiting

Let me know if you have any other suggestions.

[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/koala
[github-tag]: http://img.shields.io/github/tag/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[github-url]: https://github.com/koajs/koala/tags
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/koajs/koala
[coveralls-image]: https://img.shields.io/coveralls/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[coveralls-url]: https://coveralls.io/r/koajs/koala?branch=master
[david-image]: http://img.shields.io/david/koajs/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[david-url]: https://david-dm.org/koajs/koala
[license-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/l/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[license-url]: LICENSE
[downloads-image]: http://img.shields.io/npm/dm/koala.svg?style=flat-square
[downloads-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/koala
[gittip-image]: https://img.shields.io/gittip/jonathanong.svg?style=flat-square
[gittip-url]: https://www.gittip.com/jonathanong/
